so I'm a typical environment was different from day to day. If I wasn't
flying, then I was typically in a hangar of some sort or the office
is adjacent to a hangar. Nothing terribly abnormal are about that.
If I was flying, then the cockpit was where I was working or in the
hangar proper, where maintenance was being done and not specifically
overseeing the maintenance. But, you know, observing, uh and this
also dependent on what I was doing at the time. So on the shore to where
I was in an office or in the aircraft, if I was in a deployed squadron
or deployable squatter, I was I could be in an office if we
weren't deployed At that time, I could have been in the cockpit or I
was on a ship. Uh, and there was on several different types of ships,
aircraft carriers and destroyers, mostly hand trying to describe
what those types of environments were like. This is kind of difficult.
It's one of those things. He you don't really appreciate it until
you do it. But as far as an aircraft carriers concern, you know, it's
it's an island unto itself. It's a very large island with a lot of
people on it, but there's not a lot of different places to go had
its own offices, but this one is a place like it's very industrial feeling.
So a lot of metal exposed, you know, not a lot of creature comforts
in in the way of in the way of like making things look nice.
It was a warship, and that's what they what. The folks who built it
expected it to look like, and that's the way it felt. One of the funny
things that I always thought about was when I'd come home. And this
is you don't know this until you hear someone tell you when we come
home after a six month deployment or really any deployment. If you
have a wife, she automatically makes you put your clothes in the
washing machine because you smell terrible, largely because of just
the way the ships of health. Uh, but you don't really know it at the
time. But with all the metal around and the jet fuel and all the other
things that are going on and perhaps 5000 closest friends, it's
not terribly surprising that that that's the case